In deciding which segments to
go to, we will introduce another
variable, another concept that
doesn’t always apply, but that
if you can do it, the truth
is that it has incredible
benefits for many things that
we’ll now see, because
you’ll expand the size of the
market, etc.
You will create opportunities.
Let us explain it like this.
Let’s think about this cheese, there are
100% of the people who are your
target audience.
Basically it is the 100% of the people
that your proposal can help and
within that 100% it results
that around the 20% is a minority,
it is the people who are already
aware that you or a competitor
or the proposal can help you
and are already in the market
looking, are already
valuing alternatives, know
options, etc, etc, etc,
etc, is it?
That is 20%.
And the remaining 80% are people whom
your proposal might be good for,
but who are not looking for, are not
looking for yet.
And here we could segment because
here within these could be people
who either are aware that they have
the problem but have not been
put to look for or people
directly is that they are still
not even aware.
And this applies, I would tell you
that in almost every sector, Power
MBA, Power Digital Marketing, well,
because there is a very small market
percentage of the target market
that is already looking for a
master, but very small.
And the great opportunity is among
the people that he wasn’t looking
for, but to whom the program,
the master, is good.
If you think of a watch, it is the same.
This watch of C21, from our friends
of C21, good, because there will
be a percentage of their customers
who are already looking for a
watch and know several brands and
are crawling, but the great
opportunity is that you impact
online, you know them there, you
will want more chul and shopping.
Apply to anyone.
We talked about the digital marketing advisor,
well, because you create a digital marketing
service, for example, and there will
be people who are already looking for it.
But it’s the millions of companies
that are not looking yet.
Now let’s compare the two
segments.
What you have to be clear is that
among the people who are looking
for it already, you are aware
that you have the need, know
the different options, prices,
etc., you have a percentage
of closing the operation of,
for example, 20%.
by down.
Down because you are late.
What they will do is compare
you to others.
Man, if you have a brutal competitive
advantage, if you are the only
one in the market of Power MBA, of
Power Digital Marketing, you have
a very different proposal.
So, well, because you get there
and you can win and you have many
options to win.
But if you are competing with similar
proposals, you are one more, with
some differentiation, but basically
one more, you have a low percentage
of closing that, a
20%.
The market is small,
20 percent.
However, and this is the powerful thing
to understand here, among the people
who are not looking for it, it is true
that it is more challenging because
you have to generate the need, etc., etc.
It is more complicated, the process is longer.
But your chances of closing
it when someone has shown
you have helped, are
much greater.
That’s 80% because you’re
in that position.
And to finish, what I’m going to
do is put an example that I’ve lived
it and that’s proof that this
works like that.
I was a strategic consultant
for a few years in Advanced
Network Consulting, now it
is Advanced Consulting, working
with Víctor Costa, a boutique
strategic consultancy,
with very sophisticated projects,
high added value, high
price, etc., we sold to
mainly large companies.
Of the offers we made,
we closed almost all.
I’ll put you at the 80% I said
before, right?
And that’s something that surprised
everyone, because usually
in the consultancy it doesn’t work
that way.
And what was the reason for this?
The reason for this is that, in
this case, the merit of Víctor
Costa, founder and CEO, is that
we were in this gray segment,
we were addressing customers
who at that time were not looking,
because they were not
even aware of those problems
they had, of those needs,
etc., etc.
We showed it, we had a lot
of experience with other customers,
etc., well, we basically Víctor
showed it, then we positioned
ourselves as someone
who could help them, but they
were not looking for it and
that's why we closed almost all
the offers.
It is very difficult to do this.
You have to do what you need,
etc., etc., and we will learn
how to do it online, which
is done with a lead magnet, etc.
You have to generate that interest.
I want you to stay with this.
When you are able to target that
market you are not looking
for, you begin by enlarging
the size of the market and then
become a reference within
that potential customer you
are not looking for.
Instead, when you address the people
you are already looking for, that’s
what everyone does, because if you’
re one more in the queue and unless
you have a brutal competitive advantage,
you’ll close a low percentage
of all opportunities.